README.md, before:

# PlateToGrow Frontend v1.0.0

PlateToGrow Frontend is a React application designed for managing microsites and their configurations. This application provides a user-friendly interface to create, edit, and manage microsites effectively.

## Installation

To get started with PlateToGrow Frontend, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/danicano123/placetogrow-frontend.git
   cd placetogrow-frontend
   ```
2. **Install dependencies:**

```bash
npm install
```

3. **Run the development server:**

```bash
npm run dev
```

This will start the development server. You can view the application by opening http://localhost:5173 in your browser.

## Features

PlateToGrow Frontend includes the following features:

- Microsite Management: Create, edit, and delete microsites with ease.
- Configuration Options: Set up various configurations such as names, aliases, logos, categories, and more.
- Real-time Updates: Updates reflect instantly across the application.
- Responsive Design: Ensures a seamless experience across devices.

## Important Notes

Environment Variables: This project does not require a .env file for configuration.
Backend Repository
The backend for PlateToGrow Frontend can be found at https://github.com/danicano123/placetogrow.git.

Commit message:

docs: new instructions for configuring the app

README.md, after:

# PlateToGrow Frontend v1.0.0

PlateToGrow Frontend is a React application designed for managing microsites and their configurations. This application provides a user-friendly interface to create, edit, and manage microsites effectively.

## Installation

To get started with PlateToGrow Frontend, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/danicano123/placetogrow-frontend.git
   cd placetogrow-frontend
   ```
2. **Install dependencies:**

```bash
npm install
```

3. **Configure Environment Variables:**

- Duplicate the .env.example file and rename it to .env.
- Set the required environment variables, such as the backend URL and PlaceToPay credentials.

4. **Run the development server:**

```bash
npm run dev
```

This will start the development server. You can view the application by opening http://localhost:5173 in your browser.

## Important Notes

-  Backend Repository:
   The backend for PlateToGrow Frontend can be found at https://github.com/danicano123/placetogrow.git.

### Changes Made:
1. **Removed the "Features" section** as the changelog will cover feature updates.
2. **Added a section for configuring environment variables** (e.g., `VITE_API_URL`, PlaceToPay API keys).
3. **Removed the line about the project not requiring a `.env` file** since the project now requires one.
